Xiaorou
What did I guess before you came?
This is the heavy enterprise alliance information.
Your company wants to become bigger and stronger
You'll need it.
You know it's me against the film and television group
Still helping me
Whatever you want to do
I can help you.
This bitch seduced me and tried to destroy me
To even drink a bunch of stinky sweeping stinkers
It's not because you embezzled the same salary.
Are talents united and stubborn?
I just misappropriated their company a little bit
Isn't that all to buy you a necklace?
What do I do?
Not because I love you
Our family used to be fine
Not because of this cheap
My brother is different too
Now even grandpa looks down on your stepmother
Then I'll kill him.